as in the times of catanzaro are linked i
unforgettable fabrizio memories
ferrigno the mayor because this was born
nickname but tell me the fan
I made the first two years especially c2 c1
I made 14 15 goals by winning two
championships
from there behind me this nickname
loved it
then there are really memories in
indelible
in that square in those vintages e
normal no where even if one day i will
had to go away from messina i won
two championships and when you win yes
always leaves a good memory like
catanzaro come pisa are squares where one
when he wins he leaves memories
unbelievable
the ICC danced there is a goal from
center field
more than ten years have passed each
once the step from catanzaro is there
still people who stop me and ask me to
that goal
how was born what I always felt in
training and every workout
we make races there was also crown
so many former footballers that we put ourselves in
the midfield idea and I was the one who
framed the door from afar
we played that day that went well for me
they did me good because I had already tried
a bit of games before but that was it
really a great goal too
the importance we played against
sambenedettese which was their quarters and moles
There are almost 20,000 in the ranking
spectators to the field well remember memories
especially then tied up at the time of
promotion in series b is expected 14 years
that game with chieti you play ad
ascoli piceno enough travel
bizarre playing that game at home
against the chieti
we played in ascoli piceno remember that
there were 20,000 departed 25,000 people from
there was a caravan from catanzaro
about twenty coaches are still there
sometimes on video
that spin when you play in
squares or become the director in the squares
important as messina catanzaro that
they have a following and many people live
just for football with rome between
quotes will have the benefit of Sunday
be in the field but he will be more praised
or you mayor of Catanzaro
no no no no we left a good one
I remember both
he then continued over the years
then I also went to Juve
stabia andria pisa he stayed there for
a bit of years but no matter who is coming
praised what we who count
I remember we left there both a
beautiful memory and return to catanzaro
with
really then the Giallorossi colors like
like the messina return there as an opponent
it is not the first time but
and normal for me it will not be a match
how you all have the relationship then
special with braglia the technician
of the era you also had in
other squares are you and giorgio
crown
yes yes yes with braglia I personally have
won two championships is one in Catanzaro
both in pisa
we have a special relationship we feel
always with the coach
yes also giorgio then I had at juve
yes we were all winners
together and then the career ended and
just in Catanzaro there was a third
return in practice yes yes yes
unfortunately not with the management I had
I had had myself in the other years
other years
I still had a three-year contract
but unfortunately they made me pass the
want to play soccer
returns to Catanzaro with great enthusiasm
after winning a championship in b e
refuses and many teams return to
catanzaro then the company unfortunately not
there was not all the promises were
vanished into thin air and from there I stopped
I stopped playing soccer